Created term entry for .assign() method for C++ strings (#7108)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/strings/terms/content/cpp/concepts/strings/terms/assign/assign.md

---

> Title: '.assign()'
> Description: 'Replaces the contents of a C++ string with new characters or strings.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Code Foundations'
>   - 'Computer Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Characters'
>   - 'Assignment'
>   - 'Methods'
>   - 'Strings'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-c++'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.assign()'
Description: 'Assigns new content to a string, replacing its current contents with specified characters, substrings, or values.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Assignment'
  - 'Characters'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> **`.assign()`** is a method used to **replace the contents of a C++ string** with new data. Unlike `.append()`, which adds to the end of a string, `.assign()` **overwrites** the current content.
> 
> This method is useful when:
> - You want to fully replace a string with a different one.
> - You need to copy a **substring**, specific **number of characters**, or even **characters from an iterator range**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.assign()`** method replaces the contents of a string with new characters, allowing precise control over what the string holds. It is commonly used in scenarios such as loops, input parsing, or reusing string variables to optimize memory and performance.
```

---

> 

Reviewer: Please showcase the Syntax of this term along with its parameter description and return value.
